---
layout: post
title: "Friday, June 21, 2002"
datestr: June 21, 2002
mtid: 46
redirect_from:
  - /saga/46.html
---

Okay, so it appears that at least one person is now reading this. And a question
was raised, specifically about the aquarium, and fish. The question was:

> Don't they (fish) also like food? I assumed that a frequent traveler like
you would have to populate an aquarium with plastic fish....

Nope. No plastic fish for me.

One of the handy space-age devices that you can buy for your tank is a timed
feeder. This is a device that drops a pre-measured amount of food in the tank
once a day. It only works with dry fish food that doesn't spoil. Some fish require
a certain amount of live food, or at least recently live food. Discus thrive
on bloodworms and things that come frozen, which won't work. (Thus the primary
reason I probably won't do Discus in this tank.)

In other news, RiverSoft[^1] will soon be no more. The management of RiverSoft
has lost faith in the company, and decided they don't want to be involved with
it any more. It is thus going to be sold to MicroMuse[^2],
for the paltry sum of about 5 million dollars (or maybe pounds sterling). The
web sites will all say the purchase price is more than that, but RiverSoft has
so much money in the bank, that Muse will pick us up for basically nothing.

I dread going into the office on Monday. I'm already tired of the whole thing.

For those of you with snide comments along the lines of &quot;How does it feel
being a Muse employee?&quot; It should be noted that I am not yet an employee
of Muse, and even when the deal is final, I still might not be an employee of
Muse. It is their option on keeping RiverSoft's employees, and there are no
guarantees. We shall see what happens.

Local news: Air conditioner delivered and installed tomorrow. My friend Alex
is in town the weekend, gotta have a couple of beers with him tonight or tomorrow.

[^1]: 2022 Update: The `riversoft.com` domain name looks to be for sale.  If I had
      any photos left of those times, and it was for sale at registrar prices, I'd
      have considered buying it and making a memorial of it.  Alas, the photos are
      gone.

[^2]: The `micromuse.com` domain redirects to something totally unrelated to
      what Muse did, and looks like it might even be shady.
