---
layout: post
title: "Backing Up Backups"
datestr: August 07, 2004
mtid: 306
redirect_from:
  - /saga/306.html
---

I own [Retrospect](http://www.dantz.com/en/products/macpersonal.dtml "Dantz Retrospect"),
presumably to back up my computer.  I haven't used it yet.

Okay, I have used it yet.  I backed something up to external drives a while ago.
I don't rememer what.  I trust that Retrospect will tell me if I ever discover I care.
Until then, I just have this directory (I think, I'm to lazy to go look at it) on my
"Mirror" filesystem that has something I thought was important once.

I bring this up, because I'm using Retrospect again right now, as I type this.  I'm backing
up some backup directories, so I can remove them from my system.  The reason I'm bringing
this up, is because I'm doing these backups compressed to CDs.  And it is **really slow**.
This isn't Retrospect's fault. I'm the idiot that told it to compress the data, and write
it to CD.  I could be doing something far more interesting, like washing dishes, but I
need to stay here and change CDs every couple of minutes.

Day-to-day data assurance I handle with mirrored drives.  I have two LaCie D2 500MB drives
configured as a mirrored volume.  This configuration isn't especially fast, since it moves
the data twice over a single firewire buss, but I need storage, not speed.  It has worked
flawlessly so far, so long as my iSight isn't plugged in.

In the past, I always just copied anything I particularly wanted to keep to every hard
drive on my system.  Up until the photo bug took over, the data I wanted to keep amounted
to about 3 CD word of info.  My life easily lived on a 4.8 Gig hard drive for about 10
years.  Then I discovered photography, and now my life doesn't fit in a 72 Gig hard drive.
So I had to Take Steps.

Gah!  And now its done making 18 CDs and wants to compare them all.


