---
layout: post
title: "Orange You Glad?  I Am!"
datestr: April 23, 2004
mtid: 289
redirect_from:
  - /saga/289.html
---

I'm addicted to Sunkist oranges.

As [posted before]({% post_url 2004-03-18-286 %} "The Ultimate Grocery Store Experience"),
I ordered from FreshDirect, a web-based grocery delivery service.  Since then, I've ordered
twice more.  The last delivery was Thursday night, and the fridge is packed almost full.

A side effect of not having to get out to pick up stuff, is that I'm somewhat more likely
to order things that are good for me, but that I wouldn't generally pick up for myself.
There is a half a head of lettuce in the crisper now, and that is something that hasn't
graced the inside of my apartment, let alone the fridge, since Claire was last here.

I'm not sure why I order different things than when I go out for it.  A rather strange
kind of laziness, maybe.  Choosing 18 Sunkist oranges is more trouble than it is worth.
Produce here is sub-standard, and finding 18 that aren't either half green, or with
more dimples from being shmushed than a  golf ball, is really hard.

But if someone else drops them off next to the fridge, well, then...

I'm eating 4 oranges a day, on average.  And I can't get enough of them.  Sunkist oranges
peal easily, pull apart into wedges nicely, and burst with cool, tart, juice at the first
bite.  They are incredible.  They are also nearly impossible to find in my neighborhood.

My neighborhood is a good area, but definately lower-middle-class; good hard-working people.
The stores have to recoup the incredible costs for space and employees, so they are all
about selling sub-standard quality at above-normal prices.  But they can't sell for too
much, or nobody here will be able to afford them.

So, I haven't had oranges, really, in a very long time.  And that is a shame, because I
do like them.
