---
layout: post
title: "tRIP: Monday Night Festivities"
datestr: November 29, 2005
mtid: 377
redirect_from:
  - /saga/377.html
---

Dave and Haley left to go home today, as did most of their friends (Dave and Chris, Mike and Sue).  Michaela and Bruce left yesterday, on Sunday night, after dinner.  It was good to see everybody.  The crowd still here is Marc and Leslie, Oliver and Marika.  And me, of course.  Today is my birthday.

Before those leaving left, we all got together in The Cafe at Bellagio for breakfast/brunch/lunch/whatever.  I like eating there, though it is mostly just slightly better than most other such places at every other hotel.  There is a monorail over from the Monte Carlo, which makes it almost easy to get over there.

A good time was had by all, and food was eaten.  Life was good.

After, I went and had a massage in the Spa, again.  I had one on Saturday I forgot to mention.  The therapist mentioned "this game I like to play", and when I probed, it turned out to be World of Warcraft again.  He'd also played Everquest extensively.  This is the second time this trip I've run into a hardcore gamer.

Odd thing is, turns out Marika and Oliver are also into WoW too, something I'd learned at breakfast.  I'm curious how this is getting around, or how I run into these people and pull it out of them.

Prior to dinner, we met at the Stratosphere, and went up to the observation deck to look around.  It was full on night, and the lights of the strip were beautiful in the dark.  We did not do the rides.  It has been cold in Vegas, even for this time of year, and 1300+ feet up it was that much colder outside.  The rides where out.

Next, we had dinner at the Sahara, in their Mexican restaurant, Paco's.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't good.  It was food.
The Sahara has a place in the history of Vegas.  Johnny Carson used to do standup there on his time off from the Tonight Show.  These days, it is at the wrong end of the strip, with nothing really to recommend it.  The Stratosphere is 2 blocks farther out on the strip, but it is, well, the Stratosphere and worth going to for that reason alone.  The Sahara seems run down, and tired, in comparison to the hotels at the other end of the strip.  On the other hand, it is probably pretty cheap.

The only part of it that doesn't seem run down, was the NASCAR restaurant.  We didn't even realize it was part of the Sahara until we had to walk thru it to get to the show later.  We should have eaten there, it was dead.

The show was The Amazing Johnathan.  He's done a show for Comedy Central.  And he did pretty much that exact same act for us tonight as well.  I couldn't point out anything new or different in it.  It was fun to see, but all in all, there are better ways to spend your time, if you aren't really into his humor.  I wasn't really, but I did have a good time.

