---
layout: post
title: "tRIP: Sunday Night Festivities"
datestr: November 28, 2005
mtid: 376
redirect_from:
  - /saga/376.html
---

For lunch, the earliest I could get moving, I met up with the two Daves at the ESPN Zone in New York, New York, a quick walk across the street from the Monte Carlo.  DaveO ordered me a huge burger, which arrived shortly after I did.  It was pretty good, but I was full all the rest of the day.

From there, I went back to my room, then got the vehicle out of valet and went searching for a <a href="http://www.spring.com">Sprint store to get a charger for my phone.  I'd left my charger in the hotel in Milwaukee, and my phone was slowly running out of juice.  I did last until Sunday night from being fully charged Friday morning though.  I was impressed, the extendo-life battery was worth the price, for this, since I was using it a lot to meet up with the rest of the crowd.

Zumanity was a late show, so we did dinner early. We met at the Wine Cellar in the Rio hotel.  Marc and Leslie gave me some gifts, a book on scotch, and a bottle of scotch.  A 41 year old bottle of Glenburgie.  Yum.  And we sat around for a while chatting and having a good time hanging out for a bit before dinner.  Dinner was in the Rio also, at an indian place called Gaylord.  It was good, I had chicken vindaloo, which is what I mostly get at indian places.

Zumanity itself was good, though not up to the amazing standards of other Cirque du Soleil shows.  Maybe I'm just an old perv and not easily shocked or something, but Zumanity was mostly just a typical show they do, acrobatics mostly, with nudity.  No unifying story, as in some of the other, and nothing overtly sexual.  The nudity in Le Femme was of much higher quality, not that I didn't appreciate some of the ladies in Zumanity too.

Oh well.  It was still fun.

