---
layout: post
title: "Salmonella"
datestr: January 22, 2009
mtid: 506
redirect_from:
  - /saga/506.html
---

Yesterday morning, I had a Clif bar for breakfast, which was a new thing for me.  I got two boxes of the chocolate peanut butter bars in the last grocery shipment.  I didn't want the chocolate ones, but whatever, I'll get the ones I want next order.  All part of the Wookie Improvement Project, to eat differently.

Wednesday afternoon, I was feeling a little pukey, so I left work early to get some sleep, since I had to get up early Thursday.  I got home tonight, after having suffered thru all day of "stomach flu" symptoms, and checked my email.  FreshDirect sent an important email saying that something I bought had been recalled because the FDA was investigating some peanut company for salmonella.

I have every, fucking, symptom of salmonella.  And two boxes of recalled Clif bars in the cupboard.  Go figure.

Supposedly, it usually goes away in less than a week.  (Oh joy, should be an exiting weekend.)  But I'm going to go check in with my doctor tomorrow morning anyway.  Just in case.  The biggest imediate danger seems to be dehydration, which I seem to be able to keep ahead of so far.

EDIT: Doctor says antibiotics and Gatorade.  When I asked him (not my doctor, she wasn't in today) about having [too many anti-biotics]({% post_url 2008-11-20-497 %}), he recommended I take them, because it can be serious and I do have all the symptoms including, it turns out, a mild fever.
